Improvements to README.md. Also closes #4901 #4930 (#4931)
dani-garcia/vaultwarden: README.md

[![ghcr.io Pulls](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?url=https%3A%2F%2Fipitio.github.io%2Fbackage%2Fdani-garcia%2Fvaultwarden%2Fvaultwarden.json&query=%24.downloads&label=ghcr.io%20pulls)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/pkgs/container/vaultwarden)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/vaultwarden/server.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/vaultwarden/server)
[![Quay.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Quay.io-download-blue)](https://quay.io/repository/vaultwarden/server)
[![Dependency Status](https://deps.rs/repo/github/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/status.svg)](https://deps.rs/repo/github/dani-garcia/vaultwarden)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/dani-garcia/vaultwarden.svg)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/releases/latest)
[![AGPL-3.0 Licensed](https://img.shields.io/github/license/dani-garcia/vaultwarden.svg)](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)
[![Matrix Chat](https://img.shields.io/matrix/vaultwarden:matrix.org.svg?logo=matrix)](https://matrix.to/#/#vaultwarden:matrix.org)

> Alternative implementation of the Bitwarden server API written in Rust and compatible with [upstream Bitwarden clients](https://bitwarden.com/download/).
> 
> Vaultwarden is the perfect self-hosted solution when running the official service is too resource-heavy.

Reviewer: I think I'd prefer the description from [the wiki](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki). Maybe we should even include the sentence regarding the target audience.

```suggestion
Vaultwarden is an unofficial Bitwarden server implementation written in Rust that is targeted towards individuals, families and smaller organizations. It is compatible with the [official Bitwarden clients](https://bitwarden.com/download/).

 Vaultwarden is ideal for self-hosted deployments where running the official resource-heavy service would be undesirable.
```

> [!NOTE]
> This project was known as Bitwarden_RS and has been renamed to separate itself from the official Bitwarden server in the hopes of avoiding confusion and trademark/branding issues. Please see [#1642](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/discussions/1642) for more explanation.
> 
> This project is not associated with the [Bitwarden](https://bitwarden.com/) project nor Bitwarden, Inc.

> [!TIP]

> > [Please report any bugs or suggestions to us directly](#get-in-touch), regardless of whatever clients you are using (mobile, desktop, browser...).

Reviewer: The link does not work because you have added a space and an emoji below.

```sh
docker pull vaultwarden/server:latest
docker run -d --name vaultwarden -v /vw-data/:/data/ --restart unless-stopped -p 80:80 vaultwarden/server:latest
```

This will preserve any persistent data under `/vw-data/`. You can adapt the path to whatever suits you.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>  Most modern web browsers disallow the use of Web Crypto APIs in insecure contexts. In this case, you might get an error like `Cannot read property 'importKey'`. To solve this problem, you need to access the web vault via HTTPS or localhost.

This can be configured in [vaultwarden directly](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Enabling-HTTPS) or using a [third-party reverse proxy](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Proxy-examples).

If you have an available domain name, you can get HTTPS certificates with [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/), or you can generate self-signed certificates with utilities like [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert). Some proxies automatically do this step, like [Caddy](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki/Proxy-examples).

## Usage
See the [vaultwarden wiki](https://github.com/dani-garcia/vaultwarden/wiki).

> ## Get in touch ☕

Reviewer: The fragment identifier would change to `#get-in-touch-`, so we might not want to change the heading because of that.
